rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var AliasedImportChange tmpl.Template
	var AliasedImportChange tmpl.Template
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change members changed types
	type AliasedImportChangeS struct{ T tmpl.Template }
	type AliasedImportChangeS struct{ T tmpl.Template }
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: non-breaking change declaration added
	const ConstAdded int = 0
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	const ConstChangeType int = 0
	const ConstChangeType uint = 0
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: non-breaking change declaration added
	const ConstMultiSpecB int = 0
rev1:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change declaration removed
	const ConstRemoved int = 0
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func FuncAddArg()
	func FuncAddArg(arg1 int)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change return parameters changed
	func FuncAddRetMore() error
	func FuncAddRetMore() (error, bool)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: non-breaking change added a variadic parameter
	func FuncAddVariadic()
	func FuncAddVariadic(_ ...int)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func FuncChangeArg(arg1 int)
	func FuncChangeArg(param uint)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func FuncChangeChan(arg1 chan int)
	func FuncChangeChan(arg1 chan uint)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func FuncChangeChanDir(arg1 chan int)
	func FuncChangeChanDir(arg1 <-chan int)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change return parameters changed
	func FuncChangeRet() error
	func FuncChangeRet() bool
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change return parameters changed
	func FuncChangeRetStarIdent() *int
	func FuncChangeRetStarIdent() *uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change return parameters changed
	func FuncChangeRetStarSelector() *bytes.Buffer
	func FuncChangeRetStarSelector() *bytes.Reader
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: non-breaking change change parameter to variadic
	func FuncChangeToVariadic(_ int)
	func FuncChangeToVariadic(_ ...int)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func FuncChangeToVariadicDiffType(_ int)
	func FuncChangeToVariadicDiffType(_ ...uint)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: non-breaking change compatible interface change
	func FuncInterfaceCompatible(_ T3)
	func FuncInterfaceCompatible(_ T1)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: non-breaking change compatible interface change
	func FuncInterfaceCompatible2(_ io.WriteCloser)
	func FuncInterfaceCompatible2(_ io.Writer)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: non-breaking change compatible interface change
	func FuncInterfaceCompatible3(_ T2)
	func FuncInterfaceCompatible3(_ error)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func FuncInterfaceIncompatible(_ T1)
	func FuncInterfaceIncompatible(_ T3)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func (_ *FuncRecv) Method1(arg1 int) (ret1 error)
	func (_ *FuncRecv) Method1(arg1 bool) (ret1 int)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func (_ FuncRecv) Method2(arg1 int) (ret1 error)
	func (_ FuncRecv) Method2(arg1 bool) (ret1 int)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change parameter types changed
	func FuncRemArg(arg1 int)
	func FuncRemArg()
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change removed return parameter
	func FuncRemRet() error
	func FuncRemRet()
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed spec
	const GenDeclSpecChange int = 1
	type GenDeclSpecChange struct{}
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed declaration
	const GenFuncDeclChange int = 1
	func GenFuncDeclChange()
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change members added
	type IfaceAddMember interface{}
	type IfaceAddMember interface {
		Member1(arg1 int) (ret1 bool)
	}
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change members changed types
	type IfaceChangeMemberArg interface {
		Member1(arg1 int) (ret1 bool)
	}
	type IfaceChangeMemberArg interface {
		Member1(arg1 uint) (ret1 bool)
	}
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change members changed types
	type IfaceChangeMemberReturn interface {
		Member1(arg1 int) (ret1 bool)
	}
	type IfaceChangeMemberReturn interface {
		Member1(arg1 int) (ret1 int)
	}
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change members removed
	type IfaceRemMember interface {
		Member1(arg1 int) (ret1 bool)
	}
	type IfaceRemMember interface{}
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: non-breaking change members added
	type StructAddMember struct{}
	type StructAddMember struct {
		Member1	int
		Member2	[]int
	}
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change members changed types
	type StructChangeMember struct{ Member1 int }
	type StructChangeMember struct{ Member1 uint }
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change members removed
	type StructRemMember struct{ Member1 int }
	type StructRemMember struct{}
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change alias changed its underlying type
	type TypeAlias int
	type TypeAlias uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type of value spec
	type TypeSpecChange struct{}
	type TypeSpecChange interface{}
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var ValChangeMulti = 1
	var ValChangeMulti = false
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var ValChangeMultiZeroState int
	var ValChangeMultiZeroState uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarAddTypeFuncResult func(int)
	var VarAddTypeFuncResult func(int) error
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeType int
	var VarChangeType uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeArrayLen [1]int
	var VarChangeTypeArrayLen [2]int
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeArrayType [1]int
	var VarChangeTypeArrayType [1]uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeChan chan int
	var VarChangeTypeChan chan uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeChanDir chan int
	var VarChangeTypeChanDir <-chan int
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeChanDirRelax <-chan int
	var VarChangeTypeChanDirRelax chan int
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeFuncParam func(int) error
	var VarChangeTypeFuncParam func(uint) error
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeFuncResult func(int) error
	var VarChangeTypeFuncResult func(int) bool
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeMapKey map[int]int
	var VarChangeTypeMapKey map[uint]int
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeMapValue map[int]int
	var VarChangeTypeMapValue map[int]uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeSelector bytes.Buffer
	var VarChangeTypeSelector bytes.Reader
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeSlice []int
	var VarChangeTypeSlice []uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeSliceLen []int
	var VarChangeTypeSliceLen [1]int
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeStar *int
	var VarChangeTypeStar *uint
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeTypeStarSelector *bytes.Buffer
	var VarChangeTypeStarSelector *bytes.Reader
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarChangeValSpecType int
	var VarChangeValSpecType []int
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change changed type
	var VarRemoveTypeFuncResult func(int) error
	var VarRemoveTypeFuncResult func(int)
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change members changed types
	type s struct{ Member int }
	type s struct{ Member uint }
rev2:github.com/bradleyfalzon/abicheck/abitest.go:-: breaking change return parameters changed
	func (s) F() int
	func (s) F() uint
